i have to ask you something
i'm not sure how scary
[Music]
so how long would you say you've been
experiencing symptoms
like a month i can remember some things
but
other things are just gone like uh
details i can't do details
they call it nia neuroinflammatory
affliction
and it can affect anyone like the man
picked up by a fishing bow
it turned out he was another fisherman
couldn't remember how to steer his belt
so he decided to swim home
and then a pilot forgot how to fly
listen carefully if
you are experiencing nia symptoms i need
you
over here the government have the true
cure
they've been keeping nia on the streets
there's no one to be going crazy
this is not a proven cure you urge
everyone to remain calm
so the treatment is it like a pill or
we'll be doing an oral cranial puncture
sorry what the brain is separated
into four major lobes think of it as
clearing a clogged pathway
who am i how old am i
what's my favorite color
you're my wife emma vida ryerson
williams
for 28 your favorite color is
yellow oh tremor me in me
i remember a water park what time of
year was it
summer no
winter where you just bought a fish
when he first started to lose his memory
jude kept it a secret
just like everyone did batman all these
little pieces
i find myself wondering how to build a
future if you keep having to rebuild the
past
they say you can't forget feelings and i
still believe that
what is it it's a fish yeah i caught it
with you
why do you tattoo fish true yeah
are you okay
[Music]
[Applause]
hey